The Joe Rogan experience.
Hey, holding up. Did I move you out of here at a bad time? Do you.
Think, I mean, we considered suing you.
I was sitting there going, can I take legal action against him?
Like I called the lawyer and apparently.
Yeah, I'll give you free meals. Every time we go out forever.
I mean, I was on a bread line two days ago.
My opener flies into town where it's going to fly out for shows all the flights
grounded. We can't go anywhere. I mean,
we're waiting outside of a supermarket for an hour and then we're eating fish
sticks in the dark of my house with no power. And I'm like, you know, Joe Rogan,
man, uh, this was a real leap of faith,
but it's looking better today.
It'll be fine. It'll listen. It was a once in,
they're calling it a once in 120 year storm.
But I think what that means is like ever recorded.
Like you go back to 18 hundreds. So what we're talking about, or 1900 rather,
like when, what was the, what kind of instruments were they? What were.
They, what were they jotting down? Was.
The big thing back in those days. And how did that work?
Cause that thing was apparently kind of accurate. It's kind of crafty.
Crazy.
Crazy, like next year's. Yeah.
Yeah. And harvests and things like that. Yeah. What did they do? How.
Was, how did it work?
It was just wild driving around Texas and seeing nothing but snow.
And you, it looked like Vermont, it looked like you were in the Northeast,
but it didn't.
It was like wild to be in Texas driving around and nothing was open.
So like gas stations weren't open, uh, fast food. Wasn't open,
nothing was open. No.
Now tell you what was opened. The Houston airport. My boy, Ted Cruz is like,
yeah, he was out.
And by the way, isn't it sad that like, he couldn't get away with it. It's like,
here's the thing about the Bush family say what you want about them?
Maybe whacked Kennedy bygones. But I mean,
now our leaders can't even get caught taking a commercial flight to Ken Kuhn,
like that's.
But here's the thing, like what can he do? What is the,
what is the reason for him staying?
Well, I think it's just the optics of how it looks, but of course, no,
he doesn't have any of couldn't. He make it warm out.
I don't think he has any power to do anything.
Good. Maybe he should be there with blankets. The.
Funniest, like the people that hate them the most are the ones that are like,
he should be there and it's like doing what? Well, here's the.
You know, here's the thing though.
He was one of the vocal critics of mayor Adler. Who's a Democrat,
but went to Cancun as well. Right.
Everybody goes to.
Cancun. I think he was in king. Who was he in Cancun or was he in, uh,
one of those thing out of the house? Yes.
But it was in Cancun or was it Puerto Vallarta? What?
It was one of those nice places in Mexico.
And he wanted, and he's the mayor of.
Boston.
He went down there and he was saying now is not the time to relax wa Cabo,
Cabo. So he went in there. I mean, that's the place to relax.
I mean, Sammy Hagar has got a song about it. I.
Mean, it's crazy to watch.
It's also crazy that he got caught and then he came back.
Well, he said I was always coming back. I was being a good father. Yeah.
So you had to put a spin on it.
Dropping my field.
I feel cause Ted Cruz is the face of the guy that always is caught.
Like he looks like the kid at school who gets in on the prank too late.
And then the teacher catches him. Like he just looks like he gets caught.
He's not, he's not one of those guys who gets away with it.
No matter what happens, he doesn't get away with it.
No he's he's um,
did you ever see those videos that they made where it was?
I don't know who released the full video, but the videos that they made,
where he was running for president and he sat down with his mom and he's talking
about, you know, I go to church every day and she's like, yeah, every yeah,
right. His mom threw him under the bus. Yeah. Every day. Yeah.
Yeah. It what I was like, you don't go to church every day. And it was like,
they had to retake scenes.
Oh the whole thing's a nightmare. I showed it.
How about somebody from the wife's group? Text leaked.
Cause they were inviting neighbors going as come the Cabo or wherever the hell,
come to Ken Kuhn.
And somebody leaked it to the New York times going here's the group tax proving.
They were inviting us all.
I wonder how many moms were in that group? Text too many. Yeah. There's the,
there's the video. This is great. But these things are always gross,
man. Those like sit down with your mom. Let's pretend the camera's not here.
Right?
Tell everyone.
How good I am. I'm a good person right now. I'm I'm a God-fearing Christian.
Tell everyone what a good person your son is. Yeah.
He was very good though.
I have to give him props because there was this one situation
where what, what was it?
It was a tech thing where he was.
I don't.
Remember. God. We talked about it on the podcast. Jamie,
do you remember what it was?
Where he was a calling them out for
God it's escaping me,
but I was actually kind of replatforming people or privacy. Yes, it was.
It wasn't like here is the video of him from the summer. He was like,
who the hell are I see? Who is he? Who is he critiquing though?
Who's he criticizing Google? Yes.
It says Ted Cruz on Google and big tech censorship. Yeah. There was a,
who the hell are you to decide who can speak? There was,
he was catching them in some hypocrisy and supplies and it was like,
it was very good the way he was doing it. And well-phrased oh, you gotta,
you gotta give a little, if you're gonna on the guy,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Gerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.